Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
Tellerik create compelling app experiences
across any screen with the
Tellerik platform Telerx end to
end platform. Uniquely combines industry
leading UI tools with cloud
services to simplify the entire
app development cycle Tellerik offers
everything.net developers need to build
quality apps faster. Try it
free at tellerik.com/platform that's tellerik.com/platform
From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes,
our weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number four 93. In this
episode, Scott talks with Jacob
Kroll from fog Creek software
about using the C-sharp Rosalyn
compiler to bring their older
language called wasabi up to
date. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes today. I'm
talking to Jacob Kroll from
fog Creek software. How are
you doing all right? How
are you, Scott? I am
pretty fabulous. And I like
talking to people who are
solving big technical problems with
open source software. And you
all did something really cool
with Roslyn, but I think
we need to back up
15 years to really understand
the context. Yeah, that's true.
You can't just start right
at the end of the
project, which was killing our
compiler was hobby. You really
have to start back in
about 2003 when salt Creek
software had its first intern
program. We had an intern,
we call him Jimmy, cause
that's really close to his
name. And Jimmy knew Java.
So Jimmy knew Java. I
think that was a book
I read to one of
my children that it was,
yeah, I forget how they
wanted to end stuff, but
we had fog buttocks, which
is a pretty successful in
2003, you were doing great
selling lots of software to
windows customers. It was written
in VB script, which is
the ASP server side language
of the time. It was
advanced for 2000, just wasn't
fun, but just first started.
And we wanted to sell
the customers who for whatever
reason, didn't have windows on
their servers. So we had
Jimmy, right. A sort of
half-baked compiler. It was, it
was a little bit stronger
than just using regular expressions
or something to translate from
Phoebe script to PHP. But
it wasn't like a full
strength, industrial compiler or anything.
Was it a forgive? My,
my knit, but is it
a compiler or a trans
Pilar? Like, is it translating
from one language to another
or is it legitimately compiling?
Well, I think the trans
filer, this is something we
about on hacker news. A
lot of us nerds on
there. Transplanter is actually a
strict subset of compilers. So
all transpilers are compilers, but
not all compilers are transpilers.
I did not know that.
Yeah. The difference between a
trans Pilar and other kinds
of compilers is only in
what kind of generation phase
it has. It still has
a generation phase. It still
qualifies as a compiler, But
are there, there are things,
are there things out there
in the world that people
call compilers and it's just
like, I hacked a bunch
of stuff together. Yeah. I
mean, but this was kind
of that way. Yeah. You
know what I'm saying though?
But this was like, this
wasn't, this was a, it
wasn't just like regular, like
he built an abstract syntax
tree and like, it was
really intending to compile this,
Right? Yeah. That was the
eventual goal for it. But
he had three months and
he knew Java and you
know, it wasn't like a
huge general purpose programming languages.
It had one job. It
was to turn five books
from a VB script app
to AVB script app that
also ran on the PHP
around time. So he didn't
have to do anything with
like the math library or,
you know, all these fancy
things that BB script can
do. He just had to
translate the parts that already
had the same sort of
thing happening PHB. He just
had to figure out which
library function to call instead
of response, not right. And
it would do print or
whatever, and things like that
Job was to make fog
bugs run, not to make
any general purpose applications. Exactly.
Yeah. It had exactly one
program that would ever run
through it. So he could
do all sorts of things,
throw away all sorts of
data that nobody else would
blame us for doing, because
it just wasn't necessary for
the process. It's really nice
because when you do something
that's single task like that,
like it makes your job
a lot easier. It's just
like very, it's very understood
and finite, here's the code
that you have to translate.
That is the sum total
of everything that falls. Yeah.
And that's been one of
my favorite parts about working
on wasabi is that you
can get away with some
stuff like not having really
general purpose features and just
having really, really specific things
to say, well, we know
that fought bugs never has
a piece of code like
this. So I'm just not
going to write, you know,
the code that generates console
applications. It's just not even
in there, you can't have
a main function. It has
to, it has to be
a library basically. So what
happened to Jimmy worked on
this for a while and
then it became something more
The Jimmy leave. Yeah. Jimmy
was an intern for the
summer and then he left
and I think he's working
in some global credit organization
or something like that. Now
I'm making tons of money.
And then all of a
sudden done, we probably would
estimate it at like 20%
of the effort for five
bucks for including all of
the run time work and
all the things, our full
time engineers did to get
it out there and get
an installer and all that
sort of stuff for our
non windows customers. And it
brought in an additional, let's
say about 10% of sales,
just on top of what
we were already making. So,
So then you've, so you've
got a, a compiler it's
written in Java and it
takes VB script that was
even written before 2003, like
in 1995, turns it into,
you know, it's a tokenized
or it's a parser, it's
a finite state machine. It
turns it into PHP. And
now it can run fog
bugs without a rewrite, a
fog bugs runs it on
windows and Unix. And now
there's a nontrivial number of
people running your product on
Unix. And they are, Yeah,
we have 10% growth by
basically just porting within the
little compiler that an intern
wrote in the summer. And
then this goes on for
a while and fog, this
becomes fog basic is the
thing that becomes wasabi at
this point. Is it no
longer VB script? It is
its own thing. You have
basically taken the language and
kind of run off in
another direction with it. Right?
So the tool Jimmy road
was called decile and then
around 2005. So maybe two
and a half years after
that internship, we wanted our
new developer, Stephanie Russo. He wanted
to add automated testing to
fog bugs because you know,
that's something you want when
you're writing software. So it
only took us five years
to get to that point.
And he wanted to know
how much code coverage we
had. And VD script is
not a language that's particularly
good at instrumentation and that
sort of thing. So he
hadn't a new backend to
thistle, which was to generate
VB script from the VB
script. Okay. And one thing
he did in that generation
step was he added to
the instrumentation code he needed.
So every function definition had
a little header at the
top that said, you know,
increment some variable and start
a timer. And then at
the bottom of the function
that would have the end
of that instrumentation, We've got
aspect oriented programming inside of
Yeah. Yeah. You can, you
can, you can do arbitrary
things. We didn't do too
many fancy things at that
point. Basically it was just
to say, how does our
code coverage? Because it's not
like C-sharp or Java where
you can just ask the
run time, was this line
of code call or not
because it doesn't no, it's
not, it's old. So then
at this point you're generating
classic ASP. You're generating PHP.
JavaScript is probably coming along.
Are you starting to generate?
That was as well. That
was kind of the next
step. So the first thing
we did was we added
features. So we were still
writing VB script, but we
were writing VB script where
you didn't have to declare
your variable and give it
its initial assignment on the
different lines. So we added
that feature, you know, pretty
early on. I think I
was an intern in 2006.
I think I was the
one that got really mad
and requested that feature. I
said, why do I have
to say DMX new line
X equals five. We added
do while loops instead of
these really old school, basic
loops and forage and stuff
like, so they're kind of
simple syntactic features that were
just sugar and of language.
Stephan also added Lambdas. So
closure is basically first-class functions
to the language. And at
that point we've got a
new language and we need
to give it a name.
So my intern class had
any naming competition. They were
names like coral and some
other kind of gemstone cause
review was getting really popular,
really wanted to rip off
that name. And then wasabi
was one because we had
sushi for lunch that day
in the office and bone
crusher 3000, which was suggested
by Eric Goldman. Who's now
at, I think he's at
Dropbox, but you went to
Facebook after fog Creek and
bone crusher 3001 because it's
awesome. But the full time
engineer Stephan basically said, we
can't call it that even
though it'd be awesome to
type PCK every time you
compile the second place runner
up actually became the name
of the language, which was
wasabi. Okay. So At any
point here and forgive me,
my job is to ask
ignorant questions, but at any
point, why didn't you just
write the app over again
in PHP or some language
that is cross platform and
just leave it at that
wide, play the compiler, make
your own language game. That's
a good question. I think
at that point it was
still kind of uncertain if
there was a language that
fit that need, because the
thing we liked about shipping
VB script to our customers
is that we would just
ship source code in our
installer and a little script
over and the database. We
didn't have to install some
huge funky runtime that wasn't
part of their base windows
system. Oh, I see. So
windows people are 90% of
your audience. So that bringing
PHP over, bringing Python over
is bringing a big funky
runtime. Yeah. And they're kind
of weird flavored to windows
developers. Like you say, PHP
in 2005 and the windows
people say, I don't know,
I heard bad things about
that. I've heard, you know,
it's got huge security holes
and blah, blah, blah, blah.
Right. It was a different
world. And certainly PHP and,
and even rails. I mean,
they can run fine on
windows today, today. But yeah,
this was 10 years ago.
This was 10 years ago.
And I mean, there's still
things that don't run well
on windows. And that's something
you have to be careful
of if you want Issues.
And I've got a great
PHP app that runs on
windows. But every once in
a while, the guy that
writes it will do something
wrong with like backslash versus
forward slash and something will
break. Cause it it's. I
think Joel Spolsky says it's
like Japan versus United States. We
eat sushi and eat hamburgers.
But your default state is
like Japanese people learn how
to eat with chopsticks and
American people learning how to
eat with a fork and
a knife. And you can,
you can learn the other
kind of as you get
older, but it's still not.
Your native language has kind
of a thing with Linux.
I thought You were going
to say that we just
shove it into our face
with our hands, but I'm
with you at the forklift,
The correct way to eat
sushi and hamburgers. But yeah,
My wife's father eats a
hamburger with a knife and
fork, but that's a whole
other podcast. Yeah. Believe me.
Okay. So you've got wasabi
and it's starting to get,
it's getting so big that
you have to document it
and like write a book
about it, you know, and
this is getting complicated at
the same time though. Dot
net is starting to really
take, take hold and C
sharp 2.0 is coming out.
Yeah. The one thing you
said, you said that you
thought maybe there was a
JavaScript backend. Oh yes. And
that was the time we
almost made no JS. So
we had this idea over
lunch one day that it
was really annoying that you
had to use two different
languages to do web development.
So there's no matter what
you do. There's two different
languages. It's your fault that
at least at the time,
so on the server we
were doing was happy and
we had a compiler and
we thought, Oh, why don't
we just have wasabi compiled
a both. And this let
us do all sorts of
really cool things for 2006,
like have one piece of
code, generate a piece of
UI. And then that same
piece of code could be
called with an Ajax call
and get an update to
that without having your requests
HTML from the server. So
if you just had a
piece of data, it could
rerender itself using the same
code, just generated in a
different way. And everybody was
Looking at that problem from
different directions around, you know,
2005, six, seven, trying to
figure out like there was
script a script sharp and
you know, these different things
where it's like, gosh, I've
got this little runtime on
the client, I've got this
pretty good run time on
the back end. They really
should work together more. And
we should abstract that away.
And we had web forms
and update panels and all
these different attempts to abstract
away things. But it seems
like the impedance mismatch was
so great that, and the
JavaScript of 2006. Wasn't really
awesome. Yeah. That was just
about when JavaScript, the good
parts came out. So before
that we didn't know what
had good parts. We were
just using all of them
kind of equally. Yeah. Like
the only thing that worked
cross blowout browser was apparently
pop unders. Yeah. Cause those
were everywhere. The alert dial
like that was like, I
could make alert work reliably,
but nothing else, you know,
Dom access, no Acceptable. No.
Cause it was, it was
like slightly different on every
browser was the way to
access the inner text of
a note or something was
different in Mozilla versus in
an Explorer. So did you
succeed in making JavaScript? Yeah.
I mean, we were generating
JavaScript reliably. The problem ended
up being that nobody actually
wants to write wasabi code.
Everybody just wants to write
Java script and then do
the same thing on the
server. So that's why I
noticed out there it was
obvious one eighth opensource and
the rest of it is
in the trashcan. So at
some point someone must have
thought that maybe we fog
bugs should stop depending on
with Sabi and want to
remove it. Right. Yeah. That
happens Several times. We had
a try in 2001 called
project soy sauce, I think
2011, 2011. That's correct. Yeah.
Ted Ted was, he's now
one of the ESD teams
and I'm going to insult
him by not remembering which
one. I'm sorry. His idea
was to take the five
books code, compile it with
wasabi, which is now.net at
this point. That's when I
joined the wasabi team was
we rewrote the entire backend.
So instead of generating PHP
V script and Java script,
we generated a.net DLL. And
then just run that on,
Which is still interesting to
me because you are writing
a new compiler to generate
take wasabi, which is the,
the core intellectual property. Wasabi
is the thing that describes
the intent that is fog
bugs. And rather than just
writing it in C sharp
from scratch and like writing
the new app, you wrote
another, you, you picked a
new target and now you're
generating. Yeah. And you know,
every time that happened, it
was the sensible thing to
do at the time because
it was slightly less work,
slightly less risk. And we
have, because He did express
the intent correctly. Yeah, exactly.
And I had all the
comments and it would just
be, you know, the, the
tools of the time, just
weren't quite there to get
us exactly the meaning out
of the code that was
written, instead of it was
like Ted's project, project, soy
sauce, which was to take
the.net assembly, open it in.net
reflector, export that to a
C sharp project apply regular
expressions. I had me right
up until that part, right?
Yeah. Well, they call it
soy sauce, but that was
kind of the magic, you
know, Pearl script. He was
going to use to translate
it from this really janky
C-sharp output into professional looking
idiomatic C-sharp and then the
last bullet pointed list is
drink lemonade. But the, the
idea that you're using regular
expressions to do this and
not like the code dumb.
Yeah. I think he didn't
want to work with fat
because it's just such a,
not easy to use API
were basically, if you wanted
to do anything that was
outside the design of Microsoft
code, you were basically generating
strings with the code that
you meant to generate, then
it just perfect. Well, and
you've got, yeah, I understand.
Okay. So the output of
wasabi was a dotnet Assembly,
then you want to change
it to it. I'll put
proper C-sharp yes. You haven't
quite got Roslyn yet. Roslyn
is the open source and
memory dot and compile that
we'll talk about in a
little bit, but you don't
quite have the tools that
you need. You don't have
compiler as a service. You're
still messing around with strings
at this point. Yeah. So
we were using for our.net
back end, we're using a
technology called Microsoft code, which
is very, it's weird. It's
a very weird concept. So
it was a good idea
at the time. Yeah. I
mean it almost, almost a
good idea at the time.
It was an idea at
the time. It certainly did
things. I'm not sure I'm
convinced it was a good
idea, but it was an
idea and it was done.
It was deserved, but it
was the idea we had.
Yeah. The idea was that
they would have basically an
abstract syntax tree that you
could programmatically generate. And then
it would be able to
compile to either C sharp
or visual basic.net, the same
AST. And what that meant
was there was no way
to do things that were
not possible in one of
those languages. Right. So the
idea of idiomatic stuff then
suddenly becomes a problem. Right?
Yeah. And it was really
focused on generating code that
was not meant to be
read. It was just made
to generate code. That could
be compiled period. So for
example, I never really figured
out how to do the
not operator in code instead
of what you would do
is you would compare your
bully and expression with false.
So instead of saying, not,
Y he would say Y
equals equals false. And that
happens a little bit where
we want to negate values.
Yeah. The same thing with
negative numbers you'd have to
subtract a number from zero.
So instead of negative 30,
it would be zero minus
30 with fantasies around every
single expression and an expression
because it didn't care about
any of that stuff. So
it worked though, and it
got fog close onto these
scraps and off with PHP,
which gave us a huge
performance boost because we were
no longer in these interpreted
languages. Is the source still
at this point, you still
wasabi or did this point,
did you actually check, like
remove all of those Sabi
files and you're only on
C-sharp we were still working
with salvia at that point.
It took until 2015 for
us to remove the wasabi
source. Okay. So you're still
not at this point in
the story, we're still not
there. Yeah. Okay. And Roslyn
internally at Microsoft, there was
a project that was called
the big switch. And the
big switch was when we,
I think it was about
a year and a half
ago, I can look online
and they had, they did
a blog post. It was
the moment when we built,
went from building everything with
the original C-sharp compiler to
building to Roslyn. And there
were all these emails that
happened internally that were like,
okay, get ready. The big
switch is going to be
flipped, you know, within, in
a moment we're going to
flip the big switch. And
it was, you know, it
was a big deal because
you needed nothing to break.
Right. You're, you're doing a
brain transplant while the patient
is walking around and talking
about it. Yes. I have
had a similar situation, very
similar situation. It's a much
smaller and slower patient, I
think. Cause it was just
fog bugs. It wasn't these
huge multibillion-dollar lines of business
like Microsoft has, but it
was still kind of scary.
I mean, we had pretty,
pretty good levels of trust
because I did it in
several phases. So starting in
about February was when I
started re you know, changing
the build process just slightly.
So the first thing we
did was we made ms.
Build generate just C-sharp files
from wasabi, which was always
a capability that had it
just, we never did it
because the alpha was so
unbelievably bad, but that was
the first step was I
just had it generates the
sheriff files and then called
ms. Build to say, Hey,
here are the C sharp
files that make five bucks.
Can you build this please?
And I fixed a bug
where we regenerating a bunch
of money, use labels, just
cause I was in there.
And then I created a
new murkier, mercurial repository and
checked in that output. And
so that was my baseline
of Roslyn output. And then
I copied the, or not
Roslyn, sorry, code downhill. So
I took the code Dom
out and I started writing
a Rosalind generator based on
code. And every time I
made a fix to the
Rosalind generator, I would check
it into that repository and
diff against the first revision
to see how much more
work I had left to
do. So it started at
five bucks is almost a
million lines of code. It
started with about 1.5 million
lines of difference. So three
quarters of the output was
just wrong in some way
or not matching exactly what
code comes it. Well, you
also answer indirectly there that
my kind of, one of
my questions, my kind of
ongoing question, which is why
don't you just write this
whole thing over again? It's
a million lines of code
that is something, this isn't
just some crud application that
just throws some bugs into
a table. It's a big
deal. Yeah. Fuck. Bugs is
a huge application. It has
a email processing portion. It
has a Wiki, it has
evidence-based scheduling, which is very
complicated. It has a plugin
architecture so that you could
build a plugin that does
basically anything. Cause it's, you
know, you're writing programs and
you know, there's just lots
and lots and lots of
code. And some of that
is because wasabi had a
feature that would write code
for you C sharp. We
don't have that. So I
just generated it directly. And
so there's 60,000 lines of
code just right there and
for our database access layer.
Wow. So Roslyn, the big
switch happens internally. Rosin becomes
a thing that can really
be used. You've identified it.
If you've been, were you
on the cutting edge? Were
you using Roslyn when it
wasn't quite baked? Because we
just kind of like quote
unquote released it, you know,
a couple of months ago,
I don't think it was
a full, I don't remember
what version I was using,
but it definitely said something
like NATO or pre-release on
the new get package that
I had installed in wasabi.
And you didn't think anything
of it? No problem. That's
fine. I mean, I was,
I was looking at the
output. We have a lot
of code and if something
doesn't work, I'm going to
notice it pretty quickly. And
we source control because we
are modern developers from the
two thousands. And we understand
that if you make a
mistake, you can always go
back. So that's how we
kind of developed a trust
in the tool was March 4th
was when I finally checked
in the output from Roslyn
and I ran HT diff
and it printed nothing. Did
you believe that it was
possible that you had done
it correctly? Yeah, because I
had done two and a
half weeks of work to
get to that point. No
question. When that happened, it
was more, it wasn't like
a sense of disbelief. It
was a sense of accomplishment.
Yeah, It was, it was
more of a finally I
can't believe that I did
this, but I can believe
that it's done because I
don't want to not believe
that anymore. So what about
your original goal from the
very, very beginning of this
conversation, which is those 10%
of people who want to
run it on Linux, They
can still run it on
Linux. I mean, we write
it in C sharp. We
can pilot to a DLL
and then you run that
deal on mano and it
works as well as mano
does. Cool. So motto works
great for this. And you
found monitor to do its
job fine. Cause some people
have said that maybe motto
isn't good for production. It's
not Environment. We run fog
bugs on. So we don't
get to dog food at
very much. So our in
house fog books instances called
R dot five bucks.com and
that's running on windows. Of
course. So we don't Romano
our business. So we, we
definitely, I don't have as
much trust in that. But
what I'm saying is that
you haven't had any issues.
People haven't been saying, Oh
yeah, this randomly has a
problem. Or you know, the
core down here or there.
I don't know. I have
no experience running a mano
in production. I, I'm not
trying to slander mano in
any way. I think it's
great. I think it's nice
to hear that as Microsoft
goes off and writes a
core CLR, which I assume
that you will target at
some point and then you'll
switch running, fog, bugs over
the course you are, it
could possibly do that model
has been working great for
you for what sounds like
some years. Yeah. Well, we're
not using the tip of
mana that's, that's the kind
of scary thing is that
we have a fork from
basically 2010 and we've been
maintaining that and keeping that
running. And that is a
little concerning just because it
is such a large volume
of work to get it
to the latest version. I
see Switching to whatever mano
is in 2015, from the
personally maintained fork, it would
be non-trivial Yes. That would
actually be more work than
the work I did to
switch from Kodak to rock.
But every day that goes
by puts you farther and
farther away. Yeah. You were
in Lennox customers. Yeah. And
so then does that mean
that the core CLR running
on Linux reliably is your
only out at this point
That would relieve the pressure
of having a support motto.
Yeah. Have you run it
on the course? You are
yet and seeing what works
and what doesn't not yet.
I should try that. That
would be, we'll leave that
as an exercise for the
reader. So that sounds like
something that would be your
next big project, wouldn't it?
Because that would mean you
could refactor via subtraction where
you would simply subtract your
own personal branch of mano
and not have to worry
about it anymore. That's something
personally I'm the best ad
is my most productive days
on the days when I
wanting to lead some huge
component that is now implemented
by two lines of library
code. It's just part of
dotnet now. And I can
say, I don't need this
anymore. We've got Lambdas and
C sharp. Why was that?
You know, why are we
generating these magic Lambda classes?
It was hobby. I can
see here on my calendar,
March 11th, it just says Lambdas.
And I know that that
means that's the day I
turned them into C sharp
Lambdas and it deleted probably
10,000 lines of code to
be able to do that.
Nice. So you also released
wasabi is new code generator
as open source, Which is
cool. Yeah, that sounds good.
Huh? You said that you,
and I don't know if
this is true, but I
think it's true. You said
that this is probably the
first real world trans Pilar,
that targets C-sharp with Roslyn.
That's been open source. I
don't know if that's true
either, but I haven't seen
any counterexamples. Well, this is,
Is the opportunity for people
to come out and call
you out. It seems pretty
cool. Yeah. Yeah. It is
a very significant code generator
that we are using it.
We did use it to
convert fog bugs from a
code dumb lifestyle to just
being a C sharp application
And is a, it's an
NBC app or what is
it? It's just a library.
It's actually a console application
right now, but it generates
a single piece of code
that I think returns zero
from a function called me
That what it is. Okay.
And that, but the code
that it generates though, was
fog bugs itself is An
asp.net app. It is an
asp.net app. Yeah. We don't
use MVC. So it's using
your own flavor of handlers
and modules. Exactly. It is.
It is its own thing.
It is the script for
the 2015 set. That is
you just yet, by the
way, that is now the
title of this show. I've
just decided great script for
2015, I'm stuck forever. Fog
Creek looks to the future
fucking Creek looks to the
decades and the future is
VB script for, so what
do you think that people
will use with this code?
We use this code on
GitHub, is this for education
or for bootstrapping their own
work. Maybe they have similar
problems and they don't even
realize that there's a way
out. Yeah, I think it's,
it's kind of just a
signpost to say, this is
how I did it. And
these are the challenges that
I worked around in this
way. So if they, if
somebody wants to look at
it and say, man, I
just really need to write
a dotnet language right now.
They can look at my
back end and see how
I did it using Rosalyn
instead of hand, rolling their
own with print half you've
got in here and import
or Alexa, parser interpreter type
checker, all of the different
things available. So you could
probably teach a class on
this stuff. If you wanted
to couldn't you, I could
have actually given a 30
minute talk called let's build
a compiler in 30 minutes
in JavaScript. Seriously. Yeah. And
that's on my get hub
is the source code for
that. And it's very, very
simple. It has four loops
and that's it. But we
did it in 30, I
think 32 minutes. Cause we
stopped for a question and
debugging session in the middle,
but it has a Lexar
which takes characters and turns
them into tokens also called
as a parser, which takes
those and builds a syntax
tree as a generator, which
takes that syntax tree and
prints out JavaScript. Very cool.
Well, people, I will take
the link by the way,
to your talk to your
get hub and put it
all in the show notes
so that people can go
and explore this code and
check it out as well
as your two very good
blog posts up on fall
Creek called killing off wasabi
parts one and two. Are
they going to be more
parts? Is this an ongoing
saga that we should follow?
I think it was obvious
pretty well and dead at
this point, at least bugs.
Very cool. Well, thanks for
chatting with me today. Thanks
for having me. This has
been another episode of Hansel
minutes. We'll see you again
next week. .